Add EDOT .NET troubleshooting for custom processors (#3780)
elastic/docs-content: troubleshoot/ingest/opentelemetry/edot-sdks/dotnet/index.md

```csharp
Logger.LogInformation("Eat your {fruit1} {fruit2} {fruit3}!", "apple", "banana", "mango");
```

### Custom processors are not applied to exported data

When using custom processors, they may not run before data is exported.

By default, EDOT .NET simplifies the getting started experience by applying [opinionated defaults](elastic-otel-dotnet://reference/edot-dotnet/setup/edot-defaults.md).

These defaults include registering the OTLP exporter with the OpenTelemetry SDK so that telemetry signal data
is exported without requiring additional code.

In advanced scenarios, you may develop custom processors to enrich signal data with custom logic before it
passes to the next processor in the pipeline. In such circumstances, you will add the processor to the relevant

> signal provider builder. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In advanced scenarios, you might want to develop custom processors that enrich telemetry data before it passes through the rest of the processing pipeline. In such circumstances, you have to add the processor to the relevant signal provider builder. 
```

For example, one may try to use the following code to register a custom processor for trace data using
the `TracerProviderBuilder`.

```csharp
builder.AddElasticOpenTelemetry(b => b
  .WithTracing(t => t.AddProcessor<SpanRollupProcessor>())
  .WithMetrics(m => m.AddMeter("MyAppMeter")));
```

> This code will not work as desired due to EDOT .NET registering the OTLP exporter before the processor,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this code will not work as intended due to EDOT .NET registering the OTLP exporter before the processor,
```
